I let go I won't go
You let me in and I'll explain to the teacher
You still want to be a fighting queen
I'll give you a nickname, the Queen of Black Spring, hahaha.
I beg you.
Go away go away
The president said not to let you come again
Why is your skin so thick?
Brother Long Brother Long
You are my brothers
Can you guys help me out here?
Please help me in.
Sister Wen Li
I think you look okay too
Why don't you stay with us tonight?
How is it?
Play a threesome with two dragons
Take care of your brothers
How about we make you look good at the teacher's place?
Hmph, why don't you like Brother Tiger and Brother Long?
Ignorant trash
Go away
Uncle Yan's market cleaning pot is like this
I know the teacher is very angry
But I also had to
Have you paid what you owe?
They gave me three black punches
I only played two games and it's not enough
Go to the company account and transfer 5 million to the age
1 million pay off debts
The rest 4 million
The most pocket money is don't be strict, uncle.
You give me too much money.
I can't afford you
Wedding is what an uncle should do
Uncle still thinks it's too little for you.
You've suffered all these years
Uncle Nian, what do you mean?
You've always been so nice to me
If you need anything in the future, just let your uncle say
It's settled.
Please check it out.
That forced text
Who is the mastermind behind the black boxing?
teacher
Why are you here?
What are you doing with my uncle?